{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}{\s3 heading 3;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2500;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\f0\fs20 Office 2007 Primary Interop Assemblies Readme File\par
Copyright \'a9 2007 Microsoft\'ae Corporation.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s3\sb240\sa60\b\f1\fs26 Contents\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li240\tqr\tldot\tx8630\b0\f0\fs20 What is the Office 2007 Primary Interop Assemblies redistributable package\tab 1\f2\fs24\par
\f0\fs20 Assemblies included in O2007PIA.MSI\tab 1\f2\fs24\par
\f0\fs20 System Requirements\tab 2\f2\fs24\par
\f0\fs20 Installation\tab 2\f2\fs24\par
\f0\fs20 Known issues\tab 3\f2\fs24\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\sb240\sa60\b\i\f1\fs28 What is the Office 2007 Primary Interop Assemblies redistributable package\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\i0\f0\fs20 The Office 2007 Primary Interop Assemblies redistributable is a Windows Installer package which contains the Primary Interop Assemblies for Microsoft Office System 2007 products.  Specifically, the redistributable contains the PIA\rquote s for the following products:\par
\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart1\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720 Microsoft Access\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 2\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart2\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720 Microsoft Excel\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 4\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart4\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720 Microsoft InfoPath\'ae\par
{\pntext\f0 5\tab}Microsoft OneNote\'ae\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 5\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart5\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720 Microsoft Outlook\'ae\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 6\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart6\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720 Microsoft PowerPoint\'ae\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart7\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720 Microsoft Project\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 8\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart8\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720 Microsoft Publisher\par
{\pntext\f0 9\tab}Microsoft Sharepoint Designer\'ae\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 9\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart9\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720 Microsoft Visio\'ae\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 10\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart10\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720 Microsoft Word\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\f2\par
\f0 In addition, the redist package contains \f2\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f3\'b7\tab\f0 Other PIA\rquote s which are common to many of the above Microsoft products, and\f2\par
\f3\'b7\tab\f0 Publisher policy files to redirect code written to the Office 2003 PIA to the Office 2007 PIA.\f2\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\sb240\sa60\b\i\f1\fs28 Assemblies included in O2007PIA.MSI\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\b0\i0\f0\fs20 1.\tab ADODB \par
2.\tab DAO\par
3.\tab extensibility\par
4.\tab ipdmctrl\f2\par
\f0 5.\tab Microsoft.mshtml\par
6.\tab Microsoft.Office.InfoPath.Permission\par
7.\tab Microsoft.Office.Interop.Access\par
8.\tab Microsoft.Office.interop.access.dao\par
9.\tab Microsoft.Office.Interop.Excel\par
10.\tab Microsoft.Office.Interop.Graph\par
11.\tab Microsoft.Office.Interop.InfoPath\par
12.\tab Microsoft.Office.Interop.InfoPath.SemiTrust\par
13.\tab Microsoft.Office.Interop.InfoPath.Xml\par
14.\tab Microsoft.Office.Interop.MSProject\par
15.\tab Microsoft.Office.Interop.OneNote\par
16.\tab Microsoft.Office.Interop.Outlook\par
17.\tab Microsoft.Office.Interop.OutlookViewCtl\par
18.\tab Microsoft.Office.Interop.PowerPoint\par
19.\tab Microsoft.Office.Interop.Publisher\par
20.\tab Microsoft.Office.Interop.SharePointDesigner\par
21.\tab Microsoft.Office.Interop.SharePointDesignerPage\par
22.\tab Microsoft.Office.Interop.SmartTag\par
23.\tab Microsoft.Office.Interop.Visio\par
24.\tab Microsoft.Office.Interop.Visio.SaveAsWeb\par
25.\tab Microsoft.Office.Interop.VisOcx\par
26.\tab Microsoft.Office.Interop.Word\par
27.\tab Microsoft.stdformat\par
28.\tab Microsoft.Vbe.Interop\par
29.\tab Microsoft.Vbe.Interop.Forms\par
30.\tab MSCOMCTL\par
31.\tab msdatasrc\par
32.\tab OFFICE\f2\par
\f0 33.\tab stdole\par
34.\tab Policy.11.0.Microsoft.Office.Interop.Access\par
35.\tab Policy.11.0.Microsoft.Office.Interop.Excel \par
36.\tab Policy.11.0.Microsoft.Office.Interop.Graph\par
37.\tab Policy.11.0.Microsoft.Office.Interop.InfoPath\par
38.\tab Policy.11.0.Microsoft.Office.Interop.InfoPath.Xml\par
39.\tab Policy.11.0.Microsoft.Office.Interop.MSProject\par
40.\tab Policy.11.0.Microsoft.Office.Interop.Outlook\par
41.\tab Policy.11.0.Microsoft.Office.Interop.OutlookViewCtl\par
42.\tab Policy.11.0.Microsoft.Office.Interop.PowerPoint\par
43.\tab Policy.11.0.Microsoft.Office.Interop.Publisher\par
44.\tab Policy.11.0.Microsoft.Office.Interop.SmartTag\par
45.\tab Policy.11.0.Microsoft.Office.Interop.Visio\par
46.\tab Policy.11.0.Microsoft.Office.Interop.Visio.SaveAsWeb\par
47.\tab Policy.11.0.Microsoft.Office.Interop.VisOcx\par
48.\tab Policy.11.0.Microsoft.Office.Interop.Word\par
49.\tab Policy.11.0.Microsoft.Vbe.Interop\par
50.\tab Policy.11.0.Office\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\sb240\sa60\b\i\f1\fs28 System Requirements\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\i0\f0\fs20 Minimum system requirements to install the Office 2007 Primary Interop Assemblies are:\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart1\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720 A Microsoft Office System 2007 product\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 2\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart2\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720 .NET Framework 1.1 or higher\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\sb240\sa60\b\i\f1\fs28 Installation\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\i0\f0\fs20 To install the Office 2007 Primary Interop Assemblies, follow one of the following methods:\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart1\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720 Double-click the O2007PIA.msi file\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 2\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart2\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720 Execute \ldblquote msiexec.exe /i O2007pia.msi\rdblquote , or\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 3\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart3\pndec }
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720 Wrap the O2007pia.msi in another setup package through Visual Studio or other Windows Installer aware setup editor.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\f2\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\f0 Please note that the Office 2007 Primary Interop Assemblies setup does not support the /a or /j options for MsiExec.\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\sb240\sa60\b\i\f1\fs28 Known issues\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\i0\f0\fs20 For updated information, please visit the MSDN Office Developer Center at http://msdn.microsoft.com/office\cf1\f2 .\cf0\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s3\li720\sb240\sa60\b\f1\fs26 Uninstall\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440\tx1080\b0\f0\fs20 1.\tab After installing the Office 2007 Primary Interop Assemblies as a part of the setup of a managed code solution, you should not uninstall the redistributable.  Doing so may remove the PIA\rquote s even if another managed code solution which installed the Office 2007 Primary Interop Assemblies is installed.  Multiple installations of the Office 2007 Primary Interop Assemblies are not possible, therefore, removing the redistributable will not take into account other managed code solutions that are using the included PIA\rquote s.  Removal of the Office 2007 Primary Interop Assemblies should be an end user action from Control Panel/Add Remove Programs.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440 2.\tab Uninstalling the Office 2007 Primary Interop Assemblies after uninstalling the .NET framework will leave the PIA\rquote s on the hard disk in the Global Assembly Cache (GAC).\par
}
 